this is back wit
dance
hi guys welcome to another video
more of that kind and we are in a moment
to clippers for minecraft 1.3 point 2 and
they realize that I do not have a skin because
is not connected at that moment to
internet and say hello boy kid boy
that's how I like boys and this is the
element to the group is for microphone
point 3.2 and no longer longer than your
Slaves' lair ready and I fired
these people good guys how can you see
this model that will add us will be
different creepers like the one we have
back we're going to hit him right now
back and is going to cut the
back we're going to hit your light and
boys what will do is that our
adventure is much better and more fun
and we arrive more than 11 different namely
the same clipper but with different
characteristics and different color to the
previous versions were coming 8 now for
version 1.3 points that is after the
2.4 version of the creepers element
comes now another that for different
guys then I hope I am
in this way as it is said out there
exploded guata fox gave cookies good
guys how can you see some dan
cookies others throw snow others
they explode and burn you like the one we're going to
see below
there is look at her look at him look at that
you see a discussion is a clip is the
I did with the uranium mode with the pump
nuclear that after installing
by fire god fire everywhere
guys then what are we going to do
boys is that we will find ourselves as
I told them with an infinite amount or is
the infinite but this also al vélez
exaggerate that you have it in difficult mode
well with a lot of creepers
new that the truth as I told you is going to
greatly improve the way you play the game
let's look for more clippers but
let's put it at night because if it's not it's not going to
serve and we will not find the truth
much out there or looking very
let's look for good skeleton
guys that we tell you while
we found there is there is the other the
another one remembers that I'm changing
home and soon we have internet and
fire will take yours
then I support that is burning boy
good guys tell you that we are
a fiddling and therefore is not
we have internet
I'm finally going to my house just
where they can make all the videos that
We want boys and the house says
tim then the fourth says tim good
boys, I hope you saw the
video the news I think I left it down
below this and as you can see that it is
a is the deceptive clipper guys are
double I think in six in six
creepers and what it does is that we have
than to find what is the true
good guys I hope you try it
tell how they have done with the mode here
we have the thunder they have to have
be very careful with this if you do not want
die take your thunder and I in another
side I healed so bacano that touches
boys well many times another video
the truth with a lot of damage for you in
I do not know what else to say about moya
just that you prove it the truth
I always do a micro review
forget if you're a new kid like
favorites and share it with your
companions and look for another one of our
other videos that follow you will find something
of utility and being everything for the
old and old in the channel of the
family of 6 thousand 200 subscribers can
remember to share it with your friends
give it the already favorites or by god or
Black kripper is the one that sends us flying
and, well, boys, I hope that
have liked this way as I always say
I am already ran, you will see they are behind a
skeleton and then nothing boys just
it remains to tell them that one hour its giant
all their zeros if they have not supported
during these five months that we have and
We are six thousand 200 really hug
giant and now we are going to move to the
installation in this way that is super
simple super simple because they made
many times simple it will not take more than
three minutes of installation is a
middle level installation
and you undress diego rivera and no longer
talk about the time to installation
guys, chao boys, giant hug
for all of you chau chau
ready boys so let's proceed to
the installation in this way that is super
simple guys can use minecraft
original or pirated brands in this case
use pirate brands that is the most
commonly used for the installation of
mods you already know serves with both
original minecraft the 3gpp mobile ok
guys then first thing we're going to
do let's wait for your moment
let's go to close everything
we have the folder that I left them below
in the description can not go to the
in the folder you can go to the page
from the motel to the one below also the
description and let's look at what's coming
in element al creepers baibiene
elemental creepers the mod and the engine that
what we will need with this
installation and rekalde gift for
this installation I will give you the diumenge
temps ok these let's proceed to
start let's go to app percentage of
attack be the first thing we will do let's
to create a backup of
our minecraft if our
installation our station fails or
something happens we are going to create a copy of
security ok guys now what
we will proceed to do is give it for sub of
gone our minecraft to clean it of
any way or any residue that has
stayed in some way would give us the frame
original you do not have to aspire
you want for god did not serve for
you 2 April 23 45 putting on coat no
ready let's give it forsythe and enter the
game ready guys once updated
our brand and clean anyway what
what we proceed to do now is close
our minecraft and it does not have any
way a clean minecraft as it comes
right away you can not do it with mike the
original as I told you guys now
let's go to app data percentage if
have windows xp do not forget to go to
run or run and say exactly what
that I 'm going to go to point minecraft and
let's do the following guys
we open the bean folder
let's go to minecraft minecraft dot
already armed opens up with with win radar
remember if you do not have to look it up in
google super easy to download ready
once we have here we go to the
folder that I left in the description and
let's open the mount loader and the sumen
and there are issues for us to have them on
gift that I leave today we are going to start
with installing the module to see
we select everything we copy we go to
spot spots we already hit you should not
forget parentheses delete the folder
main goal is important if not
we eliminate the meta folder and we can not
install our musician
ok we can not forget before
everything before before everything ready modular
we close we take now our estimate
items control control c we are going to mark
control v to paste ready we paste it
now we close here we close here and we go
to our bin folder we return to
point minecraft and we create the folder
called mods and has already created it
you do not have to create two motorcycles
and we are going to take the element to the creepers
and we are going to copy it inside the folder
mods boys we did this to the
perfection guys we will have our
minecraft ready to start once what
let's start guys let's check
because it's connection for all three we're going to
verify that the installation was
perfect boys and throw some mistake
check if they made any mistake in the
installation or if they have dirty market
because I say dirty for annoying guys
let's give a player let's give
test mods any and we're going to
check then if the truth worked
get an oh here's what the
superior enchantment let's look for a
kripper around difficult difficulty
dark and let's move on to look for a
kripper a kripper of the new guys
to verify that the installation was
perfectly made guys I remember them
that this is with much love for all
you are going to look for kripper kripper or
for god a zombie party that
paree with a kripper of those of or by
god with a team of the elements here
by boys today that I do ribera of
says tim and I hope this installation
have served them a following hour to
you were all boys
in the next video